style: convert Toggle active state to pistachio (#3281)
marshmallow-insurance/smores-react: README.md

Note: this workflow will fail if the package version is already on the latest, so you dont have to worry about deploying the same changes multiple times.

###### Tokens

> The `MARSHMALLOW_CI_PAT` has been created from the internal @marshmallow-ci GH account, it expires `27/11/2024` so will need regenerating once it does.

Author: ```suggestion
The `MARSHMALLOW_CI_PAT` has been created from the internal @marshmallow-ci GH account, it is due to expire on `27th November 2024` so will need regenerating once it does.
```

> The `MARSHMALLOW_CI_PAT` has been created from the internal @marshmallow-ci GH account, it does expire next year, so will need regenerating once it does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MARSHMALLOW_CI_PAT` has been created from the internal @marshmallow-ci GH account, it does expire on `27th November 2024`, so will need regenerating once it does.
```
